[Term Entry] Plotly `figure_factory` - `.create_streamline()` (#6363)
Codecademy/docs: content/plotly/concepts/figure-factory/terms/create-streamline/create-streamline.md

- `density` (Optional): Controls the density of streamlines in the plot (default=`1`), multiplied by 30 to scale similarly to other streamline functions.
- `angle` (Optional): The angle of arrowhead in radians (default=`π/9`).
- `arrow_scale` (Optional): A value between `0` and `1` to scale the length of arrowheads (default=`0.09`).
- `**kwargs`: Additional keyword arguments passed to the function.

**Return value:**

Returns a representation of a streamline figure that can be displayed using `.show()` or integrated into more complex visualizations.

## Example 1: Creating Basic Streamline Plots

This example demonstrates how to create a simple streamline plot using mathematical expressions to define a vector field:

```py
import plotly.figure_factory as ff
import numpy as np

# Create a grid of x and y coordinates
x = np.linspace(-3, 3, 100)
y = np.linspace(-3, 3, 100)

# Create a meshgrid for vector field evaluation
Y, X = np.meshgrid(x, y)

# Define vector field components (u,v)
u = -1 - X**2 + Y
v = 1 + X - Y**2

# Create streamline figure
fig = ff.create_streamline(x, y, u, v, arrow_scale=.1)

# Display the figure
fig.show()
```

> This example creates a streamline plot of a simple mathematical vector field. The vector field is defined by the equations `u = -1 - x² + y` and `v = 1 + x - y²`, where `u` and `v` represent the `x` and `y` components of the vector at each point. The `arrow_scale` parameter has been set to `0.1` to make the arrows slightly larger for better visibility. The output is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a streamline plot of a simple mathematical vector field. The vector field is defined by the equations `u = -1 - x² + y` and `v = 1 + x - y²`, where `u` and `v` represent the `x` and `y` components of the vector at each point. The `arrow_scale` parameter has been set to `0.1` to make the arrows slightly larger for better visibility.
This example will generate the following output:
```

![A streamline plot with curved flow lines following the vector field direction, showing velocity with arrows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/create_streamline_output1.png)

## Example 2: Streamline Plot with Source Point

> This example shows how to visualize a radial vector field emanating from a source point, which is useful for representing phenomena like electric fields or fluid sources:

Reviewer: A simpler word can be used instead of 'emanating' like originating
